Corky - Lua modules for Conky.
========================================================================

These are some Lua modules to be used with the system monitor Conky
(<http://conky.sourceforge.net/>).

They provide methods to draw circular and rectangular meters, and to
show some text, using Conky's Cairo interface. Corky meters are defined
in the Conky configuration file, editing any Lua source files is not
required. An example configuration file is included.


Requirements
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lua and Cairo support has to be enabled in Conky during compilation.

The LPeg Lua module (<http://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~roberto/lpeg/>) is also
required. The Arch Linux repositories provide the `lua-lpeg` package,
other distributions may provide a package, too. If not, it has to be
installed manually.


Installation
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copy the contents of the `lua` directory to some place where Conky can
access it, and use an appropriate `lua_load` directive in the Conky
configuration.

See <http://goeb.gitlab.io/corky/modules/corky.html> for more
details, and check the example configuration.

There is also a Makefile, which will install the modules in /usr/local/
(unless overridden by setting a different PREFIX), but the Makefile will
attempt to generate the documentation, which requires the ldoc command
to be available. See the Makefile for more details. To use it, just run

   make install

A package for Arch Linux (or Arch Linux based distributions) may be
built from the LOCAL sources using the provided PKGBUILD. There is also
a PKGBUILD available in the AUR.


Example Configuration
------------------------------------------------------------------------

A small example configuration is included in the `example` folder. From
the top of the Corky directory tree, run:

   conky -c example/conky.conf

to start Conky with this configuration.


Corky Documentation
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The HTML documentation can be built from the source using LDoc, see
<https://github.com/stevedonovan/LDoc>. If it is installed, run

   ldoc .

at the top of the Corky directory tree to generate the documentation in
the `docs` folder. The `misc` folder contains a slightly altered HTML
template and stylesheet (both based on the official ones), to use these
run

   ldoc -l misc -s misc .

An online version is available at <http://goeb.gitlab.io/corky/> (there
is also a mirror at <http://goeb.bitbucket.io/corky/>).


Git Repository
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Corky is available at Gitlab: <https://gitlab.com/goeb/corky/>.


Copyright And License
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright 2015-2019 Stefan GÃ¶bel - <corky |at| subtype |dot| de>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.